README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img width="1000" height="250" alt="arc9 sticker pack maker++ banner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2fa6b191-d333-4a3f-b27d-09ea3beb1092" /></p>

# [ARC9] Sticker Pack Maker++
### ♡ Made by Midawek ♡ with love for ARC9 Community ♡
[ARC9] Sticker Pack Maker++ is a cli/python tool that allows you to create stickers in bulk or invidually in to a ready to use addon.
<p align="center"><img width="701" height="537" alt="approved" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/54e99ef6-f60a-4800-9b33-73093321d236" /></p>
Thanks arctic <3<br>
    
## Features

- IT IS NOT A FORK but based off the original.

- Unattended import (Bulk support without need to invidually name and give description of every sticker)

- Supports formats such as PNG, WEBP, JPG, JPEG images and many more!

- No watermark:tm:

-  Full blown GIF Support

- Automatic project merging. No more manual merging and all of the problems that come with it!

- `TBA` Options for holographic and etc only in GUI

## License
[ARC9] Sticker Pack Maker++ falls under GPL-3.0 Licensing<br>
TL;DR: You are free to use, fork, redistribute the project as you wish. In commercial use you need to disclose the use of SPM++, I won't go after commisions. <br>
I remain the full right to DMCA the product you provide if needed (if you used this project, not a fork)<br>
Besides, a little credit won't hurt ;3

## Instruction for CLI version

1. Put it in the same folder as the folder containing images.
```
folder somewhere on your pc
├── arc9stickerpackmaker++.exe
└── images
    ├── 1.png
    ├── 2.png
    └── 3.png
```
3. Follow the instructions in the command line interface
4. After you are done in the same folder as the script a new folder `arc9_yourname_stickers` should appear, put this in your addons folder in Garry's mod to test it out
5. Upload it using tools like [GMPublisher](https://github.com/WilliamVenner/gmpublisher)

## Instructions for GUI version
1. Run the application
2. Do the steps
3. The ready to use folder will be avaible in the same folder as the application
4. Upload it using tools like [GMPublisher](https://github.com/WilliamVenner/gmpublisher)<br>

### It's that easy!

## Where I can post issues/feedback?????
https://github.com/Midawek/ARC9-Sticker-Pack-Maker/issues

Commit message:

Update README with subfolder info and version guidance
Added information about subfolders and clarified version usage.

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img width="1000" height="250" alt="arc9 sticker pack maker++ banner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2fa6b191-d333-4a3f-b27d-09ea3beb1092" /></p>

# [ARC9] Sticker Pack Maker++
### ♡ Made by Midawek ♡ with love for ARC9 Community ♡
[ARC9] Sticker Pack Maker++ is a cli/python tool that allows you to create stickers in bulk or invidually in to a ready to use addon.
<p align="center"><img width="701" height="537" alt="approved" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/54e99ef6-f60a-4800-9b33-73093321d236" /></p>
Thanks arctic <3<br>
    
## Features

- IT IS NOT A FORK but based off the original.

- Unattended import (Bulk support without need to invidually name and give description of every sticker)

- Supports formats such as PNG, WEBP, JPG, JPEG images and many more!

- No watermark:tm:

-  Full blown GIF Support

- Automatic project merging. No more manual merging and all of the problems that come with it!

- `TBA` Options for holographic and etc only in GUI

- `TBA` Subfolders.

## Which version should you pick?
- CLI version - if you need to go through hundreds of images to put in as stickers without much naming or description
- GUI version - if you plan on making a small pack or something ambitious and need to name and give a description to every sticker, even subfolders and effetcs

## License
[ARC9] Sticker Pack Maker++ falls under GPL-3.0 Licensing<br>
TL;DR: You are free to use, fork, redistribute the project as you wish. In commercial use you need to disclose the use of SPM++, I won't go after commisions. <br>
I remain the full right to DMCA the product you provide if needed (if you used this project, not a fork)<br>
Besides, a little credit won't hurt ;3

## Instruction for CLI version

1. Put it in the same folder as the folder containing images.
```
folder somewhere on your pc
├── arc9stickerpackmaker++.exe
└── images
    ├── 1.png
    ├── 2.png
    └── 3.png
```
3. Follow the instructions in the command line interface
4. After you are done in the same folder as the script a new folder `arc9_yourname_stickers` should appear, put this in your addons folder in Garry's mod to test it out
5. Upload it using tools like [GMPublisher](https://github.com/WilliamVenner/gmpublisher)

## Instructions for GUI version
1. Run the application
2. Do the steps
3. The ready to use folder will be avaible in the same folder as the application
4. Upload it using tools like [GMPublisher](https://github.com/WilliamVenner/gmpublisher)<br>

### It's that easy!

## Where I can post issues/feedback?????
https://github.com/Midawek/ARC9-Sticker-Pack-Maker/issues
